na is raining hair and makeup guru is
Chaz Dean the new king of Hollywood
Crawford's we got a celebrity stylist
chairs here today at the Chaz Dean
Studio Hollywood California la's hippest
and most celebrity friendly retreat
jazzy's highlights are beautiful
devotees includes Halle Berry Christina
Applegate and all of the Desperate
Housewives Terry here getting a nice
hair styling from Chaz himself Chaz is
me there's Chaz welcome to guru Chaz
Dean has big plans you are known across
not only fashion magazines from your
salon working as a hairstylist but you
created when number 11 wen cleansing
conditioner this is one simple product
has revolutionized hair care and reduce
shower time all in one everybody is
obsessed with natural products and this
is the hot new product that's called wen
by Chaz Dean Chaz's wen cleansing
conditioner is used by halle berry drew
barrymore and christina applegate I need
fumbled it after three deadly sins for
hair our flat iron curling irons bleach
and shampoo anytime you see sodium
lauryl sulfate they're stripping drying
robbing your hair about natural
essential oils we're gonna hear some
golden highlights you know I think I'm
even getting turn now
what was the best water today I think
the hair my hair jazz I love it look how
wonderful my hair looks